_productions/boston_marriage_2016.md, before:

---
layout: production
title: Boston Marriage - David Mamet
dates: February 11 - February 20, 2016
location: Berger Park Coach House, Chicago
production:
  - name: Angeli Primlani
    title: Director
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/angeli_primlani
  - name: Sherry Legare
    title: Producer
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/sherry_legare
  - name: Matt Cefalu
    title: Stage Manager/Sound and Properties Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/matt_cefalu
  - name: Benjamin Dionysus
    title: Lighting Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/benjamin_dionysus
  - name: Kate Setzer Kamphausen
    title: Costume Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/kate_setzer_kamphausen
  - name: David Denman
    title: Set Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/david_denman

cast:
- actor: Sherry Legare
  role: Anna
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/sherry_legare
- actor: Julia Kessler
  role: Claire
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/julia_kessler
- actor: Mary-Ann Arnold
  role: Catherine
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/maryann_arnold
---

Commit message:

Productions (#19)
* completed markdowns for macbeth and much ado. also added empty md for other productions in google doc

* adding productions

* fixing merge conflicts

* got pages to render properly by adding permalink

* changed name of product to production and added consistent naming pattern to production md files

* added more content and md files to productions

* added more content and md files to productions

* fixed routes to include about when routing to bios

* added about to star bios

* iterating through array of actors

* working on not adding links if no bios available

* Update production.html

added h4 tag, good eye tyler

* working on adding casts

* cast lists are complete

* added tartuffe

* added the other overruled

* Change production linking

* all done with production except for 12th night and tempest

* all done with production except for 12th night and tempest

* fixed dates on past-pruduction html

* adding updated synopses

* text complete for productions...still need images, and to edit out links for nonexistent bios

* fixed merge conflict

_productions/boston_marriage_2016.md, after:

---
layout: production
title: Boston Marriage - David Mamet
dates: February 11 - February 20, 2016
location: Berger Park Coach House, Chicago

synopsis: Anna and Claire have been lovers for years, when Anna becomes the mistress of a wealthy man in order to support them both. But of course it is nowhere near that simple. What does fidelity mean when one's romantic partnership can barely be imagined as real? Does money distort women's sexual and personal integrity? Is chintz a sign of love or a form of psychological torture? Must we always hurt the ones we love? And what about ... the maid?

production:
  - name: Angeli Primlani
    title: Director
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/angeli_primlani
  - name: Sherry Legare
    title: Producer
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/sherry_legare
  - name: Matt Cefalu
    title: Stage Manager/Sound and Properties Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/matt_cefalu
  - name: Benjamin Dionysus
    title: Lighting Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/benjamin_dionysus
  - name: Kate Setzer Kamphausen
    title: Costume Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/kate_setzer_kamphausen
  - name: David Denman
    title: Set Design
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/david_denman

cast:
- actor: Sherry Legare
  role: Anna
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/sherry_legare
- actor: Julia Kessler
  role: Claire
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/julia_kessler
- actor: Mary-Ann Arnold
  role: Catherine
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/maryann_arnold
---
