_productions/macbeth_2011.md, before:

---
layout: production
title: Macbeth (staged reading)
dates: June 11, 2011
location: Titzal Café, Chicago

production:
  - name: Margaretta Sacco
    title: Director
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/margaretta_sacco

cast:
  - actor: Robert Oaks
    role: Macbeth
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/robert_oaks
  - actor: Laura Shatkus
    role: Lady Macbeth
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/laura_shatkus
  - actor: Angeli Primlani
    role: Second Witch, Ross, Siward, Seyton
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/angeli_primlani
  - actor: Jamie Black
    role: Third Murderer, Duncan, Old Man, Porter, Apparition
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/jamie_black
  - actor: Christa Sablic
    role: First Murderer, Banquo, Donalblain, Son of Macduff, Apparition
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/christa_sablic
  - actor: Ryan Simmons
    role: Second Murderer, Lennox, Fleance, Messenger, Apparition
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_simmons
  - actor: Stacie Swikle
    role: Third Witch, Macduff, Captain, Gentlewoman
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/stacie_swikle
  - actor: Julia Kessler
    role: First Witch, Malcolm, Lady Macduff, Doctor
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/julia_kessler
---

Commit message:

Productions (#19)
* completed markdowns for macbeth and much ado. also added empty md for other productions in google doc

* adding productions

* fixing merge conflicts

* got pages to render properly by adding permalink

* changed name of product to production and added consistent naming pattern to production md files

* added more content and md files to productions

* added more content and md files to productions

* fixed routes to include about when routing to bios

* added about to star bios

* iterating through array of actors

* working on not adding links if no bios available

* Update production.html

added h4 tag, good eye tyler

* working on adding casts

* cast lists are complete

* added tartuffe

* added the other overruled

* Change production linking

* all done with production except for 12th night and tempest

* all done with production except for 12th night and tempest

* fixed dates on past-pruduction html

* adding updated synopses

* text complete for productions...still need images, and to edit out links for nonexistent bios

* fixed merge conflict

_productions/macbeth_2011.md, after:

---
layout: production
title: Macbeth (staged reading)
dates: June 11, 2011
location: Titzal Café, Chicago

synopsis: One of Shakespeare's greatest plays, Macbeth tells the story of the treacherous rise and bloody fall of the King of Scotland. Informed by a trio of witches that he is destined to become King, Macbeth and his wife go to greater and greater lengths to attain and to hold onto this goal.

production:
  - name: Margaretta Sacco
    title: Director
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/margaretta_sacco

cast:
  - actor: Robert Oaks
    role: Macbeth
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/robert_oaks
  - actor: Laura Shatkus
    role: Lady Macbeth
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/laura_shatkus
  - actor: Angeli Primlani
    role: Second Witch, Ross, Siward, Seyton
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/angeli_primlani
  - actor: Jamie Black
    role: Third Murderer, Duncan, Old Man, Porter, Apparition
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/jamie_black
  - actor: Christa Sablic
    role: First Murderer, Banquo, Donalblain, Son of Macduff, Apparition
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/christa_sablic
  - actor: Ryan Simmons
    role: Second Murderer, Lennox, Fleance, Messenger, Apparition
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_simmons
  - actor: Stacie Swikle
    role: Third Witch, Macduff, Captain, Gentlewoman
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/stacie_swikle
  - actor: Julia Kessler
    role: First Witch, Malcolm, Lady Macduff, Doctor
    actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/julia_kessler
---
