_productions/much_ado_about_nothing_2011.md, before:

---
layout: production
title: Much Ado About Nothing (staged reading) - William Shakespeare
dates: September 25, 2011
location: Tiztal Café
production:
  - name: Margaretta Sacco
    title: Director
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/margaretta_sacco

cast:
- actor: Laura Sturm
  role: Beatrice
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/laura_sturm
- actor: Ryan Swinkle
  role: Benedict
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_swinkle
- actor: Ryan Simmons
  role: Claudio
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_simmons
- actor: Christa Sablic
  role: Hero
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/christa_sablic
- actor: Ryan Simmons
  role: Claudio
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_simmons
- actor: Benjamin Dionysus
  role: Borachio/Friar Francis
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/benjamin_dionysus
- actor: Angeli Primlani
  role: Balthasar/Messenger/Margaret
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/angeli_primlani
- actor: John Amedio
  role: Leonardo/Conrade
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/john_amedio
- actor: Jamie Black
  role: Verges
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/jamie_black
- actor: Philip Meyer
  role: Don John
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/philip_meyer
- actor: Julia Kessler
  role: Don Pedro/Sexton
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/julia_kessler
- actor: Eliza Hoffman
  role: Ursula
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/eliza_hoffman
---

Commit message:

Productions (#19)
* completed markdowns for macbeth and much ado. also added empty md for other productions in google doc

* adding productions

* fixing merge conflicts

* got pages to render properly by adding permalink

* changed name of product to production and added consistent naming pattern to production md files

* added more content and md files to productions

* added more content and md files to productions

* fixed routes to include about when routing to bios

* added about to star bios

* iterating through array of actors

* working on not adding links if no bios available

* Update production.html

added h4 tag, good eye tyler

* working on adding casts

* cast lists are complete

* added tartuffe

* added the other overruled

* Change production linking

* all done with production except for 12th night and tempest

* all done with production except for 12th night and tempest

* fixed dates on past-pruduction html

* adding updated synopses

* text complete for productions...still need images, and to edit out links for nonexistent bios

* fixed merge conflict

_productions/much_ado_about_nothing_2011.md, after:

---
layout: production
title: Much Ado About Nothing (staged reading) - William Shakespeare
dates: September 25, 2011
location: Tiztal Café

synopsis: Benedict and Beatrice hate each other, or are they secretly in love?  It’s a battle of the sexes comedy set in Messina, Italy, that’s Mardi Gras, carnival festival themed.

production:
  - name: Margaretta Sacco
    title: Director
    bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/margaretta_sacco

cast:
- actor: Laura Sturm
  role: Beatrice
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/laura_sturm
- actor: Ryan Swinkle
  role: Benedict
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_swinkle
- actor: Ryan Simmons
  role: Claudio
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_simmons
- actor: Christa Sablic
  role: Hero
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/christa_sablic
- actor: Ryan Simmons
  role: Claudio
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/ryan_simmons
- actor: Benjamin Dionysus
  role: Borachio/Friar Francis
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/benjamin_dionysus
- actor: Angeli Primlani
  role: Balthasar/Messenger/Margaret
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/angeli_primlani
- actor: John Amedio
  role: Leonardo/Conrade
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/john_amedio
- actor: Jamie Black
  role: Verges
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/jamie_black
- actor: Philip Meyer
  role: Don John
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/philip_meyer
- actor: Julia Kessler
  role: Don Pedro/Sexton
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/julia_kessler
- actor: Eliza Hoffman
  role: Ursula
  actor_bio_url: http://accidentalshakespeare.com/about/company/eliza_hoffman
---
